[C#] Add inheritance exercise (#1424)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/inheritance/.docs/introduction.md

> In C#, a _class_ hierarchy can be defined using _inheritance_, which allows a derived class (`Car`) to inherit the behavior and data of its parent (general) class (`Vehicle`). If no parent is specified, the class inherits from the `object` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In C#, a _class_ hierarchy can be defined using _inheritance_, which allows a derived class (`Car`) to inherit the behavior and data of its parent class (`Vehicle`). If no parent is specified, the class inherits from the `object` class.
```

I don't think we should define something with two labels ("parent" and "general"). Choose one and reference the other in the after if it's important?

Author: We can remove it. Just did :)

> The `protected` access modifier restricts access to code in the same (parent) class or in any derived class. The `base` keyword can be used to reference parent class members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C# provides control over what parts of a parent class can be accessed by a derived class. The `protected` access modifier allows derived classes to access the parent's code, but blocks access from other classes. The `base` keyword can be used to reference parent class members.
```

> The `base` keyword can be used to reference parent class members.

I suggest moving this below the bullet points and say "Derived classes can access parent class members through the `base` keyword". I think it will fit more contextually there.

As a general thing, I think explaining what's happening before the keyword is mentioned helps with comprehension (e.g. "Derived classes can access parent class members through the `base` keyword" is clearer to me than "The `base` keyword allows derived classes to access parent class members"). My brain feels calmer getting an english explanation before a technical word.

Author: Great suggestions. I've rephrased.

Parent classes can provide functionality to derived classes in three ways:

- Define a regular method.
- Define a `virtual` method, which is like a regular method but one that derived classes _can_ change.
- Define an `abstract` method, which is a method without an implementation that derived classes _must_ implement. A class with `abstract` methods must be marked as `abstract` too. Abstract classes cannot be instantiated.

```csharp
// Inherits from the 'object' class
abstract class Vehicle
{
    // Can be overridden
    public virtual void Drive()
    {
    }

    // Must be overridden
    protected abstract int Speed();
}

class Car : Vehicle
{
    public override void Drive()
    {
        // Override virtual method

        // Call parent implementation
        base.Drive();
    }

    protected override int Speed()
    {
        // Implement abstract method
    }
}
```

> A derived class' constructor will automatically call its parent's constructor _before_ executing its own constructor's logic. Arguments can be passed to a parent class' constructor using the `base` keyword:

Reviewer: > A derived class' constructor

Maybe change to:
"The constructor of a derived class"?
